Game: Christopher-Rise-Of-Mark-Ham
QA Testing Plan Template
Game Being Tested: Christopher-Rise-Of-Mark-Ham
Dev Team: Gabe, Rahul, Huzaifah, Troy - Gcc07/Christofer
QA Team: Christopher, Afton, Angel, Marcus
Date: 2/10/2026

Game Type: Text-based dungeon crawler RPG with roguelike elements

Core Mechanics:
- Random character generation
- Multiple room types
- Wide variety of weapons and consumables
- Time-based combat
- Bosses

Win Condition: Beat the final boss and make it past floor 30
Lose Condition: Die in a battle or quite
Player Inputs: 0-9, and specific text input (EX: Continue YES or NO, Input: “NO”)

Testing Strategy:
Tuesday: 
Goal: Define all probable bugs, Test three bugs then move on so we can get to the other games
Test Scenarios: 
- Test input outside given options (Ex. Input 1 or 2. User inputted 3) 
- Tested negative speed
- Tested spam

Known: issue found today:
- On the start menu inputting a number that is not 1-2 jumps straight into the game which is not intended. Invalid input check (Severity: Medium, Priority: )
- If you spam input while text is being displayed your input affects the next input checks. This stacks and can break the game (Severity: High, Priority: )
- Setting text speed to a negative number and playing the game crashes it. No check/validation for negative speed (Severity: Critical, Priority: )

Wednesday:
Goal: Define all complex bugs
Test Scenarios: 
- Non-stop complex chained actions
Known: issue found today:



Thursday:
Goal: Continue defining all complex bugs
Test Scenarios:  
Non-stop complex chained actions
Known: issue found today:



Friday:
Goal: Record all bugs
Test Scenarios: None
Known: issue found today:



Bug Categories
By Severity
By Type

Summary Table
(Have to put the table as an image)

Notes
Testing Environment: Java In Terminal
Any blockers or issues with the game code itself? None. We love this group.
Assumptions: None

Recommendations for Dev Team
Critical bugs to fix first:
Negative text speed crashes the game
High-priority fixes:
Spamming valid inputs while text is being written causes prolonged inputs after text stops writing.

Nice-to-have fixes: 
Invalid number inputs on the start menu cause the game to jump straight into the game. Undesired behavior.

Testing completed by: Christopher

Date submitted: 2/13/2025

